We are at heart, enthusiasts for technology whom operate one of what we hope to be many modest datacenters throughout Vancouver and the Fraser Valley. We are lucky to have direct and sometimes unrestricted access to fiber optic networks in Vancouver which can provide us with a direct connection to various sites that would rival all but the most extreme home network performance levels. Options include offerings of multiples of gigabit per second transit that will make hefty video archives or game uploads feel less like dial-up and more like the 'high-speed' everyone promises.
We host servers, both physical and virtual with a focus on virtual due to the increased resiliency and additional benefits of a virtualized platform. Automatic fail-over and live migrations ensure that your server keeps running, even if the hardware it was initially installed on goes up in smoke with very little to no external indication there was ever a problem. Our machines are designed to handle demanding loads, but are available for simple tasks. We are flexible and open to share our details and experiences so you know exactly what service you are getting. We can't say the same for our competators if you are curious about the rate of contention for your vCPU.
This makes us a great match for media companies and video game companies based on our big pipes and performance oriented goals. As we grow, we will become increasingly more resilient as additional datacenter sites are brought online, and will be able to reach further with our fiber to provide direct network & internet services to those who may not be on the initial fiber foot-print. Regardless of personal access to fiber, anyone around the world can host services in our facilities and take advantage of our offerings.
Our current model outlines the construction and operation of additional datacenters attached to multi-unit dwellings. Waste heat from our operations can be provided throughout the building in the cold winter months and the residents get to enjoy many of the benefits of the datacenter and attached office spaces. Real high-speed internet access, enhanced security, and proximity to office/work spaces.
